[Music]
g'day everyone it is time for
demystifying digital with sam and russ
hey sam how are you
hi russ i'm good my friend how are you
square i'm doing really really well
thank you
uh big congratulations to you too you
just had your stag and you've come back
alive
that's fine i'm still standing well done
uh so demonstrating digital what we do
is we talk about
digital concepts and we make them really
easy to explain so if your man
asks you or someone who's just not very
techy does you can explain it and you've
got one for us today what do you got sam
go for it
yeah sure thing so i'm going to talk
about social proof
and um social proof is essentially when
you go on to
a website for example you might see
things like our accredited by g2 we're
accredited by good firms
or we've got these five star reviews or
we've recently had these testimonials
this kind of stuff
usually it's on the home page so as soon
as you hit a website usually before you
scroll what we call above the fold
you'll see these and you'll see them on
other other key pages like maybe the
pricing page the feature list
those kind of pages so i compare what we
call social proof on a website
to handing your cv to someone so a
potential employer
and then asking for references yep so
let's say you've got this big
big city job you want to apply for
you've got you've just finished your cv
you're really happy with it and i said
look can we have two or three references
yeah perhaps from past employers so
we've got confidence
um that you're a reputable person that
we can bring on to our company
and you're going to do good work and
bringing that back to the website social
proof it's much the same so let's say i
was interested in a software as a
service
provider i was looking through online i
found a website on google
i go to their site i think yep the
service looks great and then that social
proof hits me usually
it's on the home page it's on some of
the key pages i can see some reviews i
can see some testimonials i can see that
g2 are credited and i've just got that
extra level of confidence that's
probably going to drive me to actually
convert or in this case book a demo or
make the inquiry
yeah 100 i like that so basically
your website's like your resume hey
here's all the stuff i say about myself
and what you're saying
is customers they don't want to just
know what you're saying about yourself
they want to know what other people
say about you people who tested you
people who've got experience with you
that's that social proof those are those
references that you need
to give people a confidence that you're
just not talking really good stuff about
yourself that's you know not being
proven elsewhere
yeah that's it it's coming through your
customers mouth rather than your own
love it social proof great analogy
thanks sam
cheers